README.md, before:

# Flix

# Project 2 - *Flix*

**Flix** is a movies app using the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

Time spent: **X** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is complete:

- [X] User can view a list of movies currently playing in theaters from The Movie Database.
- [X] Poster images are loaded using the UIImageView category in the AFNetworking library.
- [X] User sees a loading state while waiting for the movies API.
- [X] User can pull to refresh the movie list.

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] User sees an error message when there's a networking error.
- [ ] Movies are displayed using a CollectionView instead of a TableView.
- [ ] User can search for a movie.
- [ ] All images fade in as they are loading.
- [ ] User can view the large movie poster by tapping on a cell.
- [ ] For the large poster, load the low resolution image first and then switch to the high resolution image when complete.
- [ ] Customize the selection effect of the cell.
- [ ] Customize the navigation bar.
- [ ] Customize the UI.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [X] User taps the poster, a new screen is presented modally where they can view the trailer

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1.
2.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## Credits

List an 3rd party libraries, icons, graphics, or other assets you used in your app.

- [AFNetworking](https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking) - networking task library

## License

    Copyright [2017] [Pavani Malli]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Updated README with functionality and video walkthrough of app

README.md, after:

# Flix

# Project 2 - *Flix*

**Flix** is a movies app using the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

Time spent: **12** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is complete:

- [X] User can view a list of movies currently playing in theaters from The Movie Database.
- [X] Poster images are loaded using the UIImageView category in the AFNetworking library.
- [X] User sees a loading state while waiting for the movies API.
- [X] User can pull to refresh the movie list.

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [ ] User sees an error message when there's a networking error.
- [ ] Movies are displayed using a CollectionView instead of a TableView.
- [ ] User can search for a movie.
- [ ] All images fade in as they are loading.
- [ ] User can view the large movie poster by tapping on a cell.
- [ ] For the large poster, load the low resolution image first and then switch to the high resolution image when complete.
- [ ] Customize the selection effect of the cell.
- [ ] Customize the navigation bar.
- [ ] Customize the UI.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [X] User taps the poster, a new screen is presented modally where they can view the trailer

Please list two areas of the assignment you'd like to **discuss further with your peers** during the next class (examples include better ways to implement something, how to extend your app in certain ways, etc):

1. I'd like to discuss the search bar filtering further with my peers. It would be interesting to see the different ways to filter out the titles data and what the most efficient way would be.
2. I also want to learn more about implementing the change in resolution for a picture and how that would enhance user experience. 

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/xS2tacQ.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes

It was challenging working with the videos API because the JSON schema was different, so I had to understand how exactly the data was organized in order to get the information I wanted from the API. I also had issues with figuring out which functions exactly should deal with passing data from class to class, but I was able to understand it better after this project. 

## Credits

List an 3rd party libraries, icons, graphics, or other assets you used in your app.

- [AFNetworking](https://github.com/AFNetworking/AFNetworking) - networking task library

## License

    Copyright [2017] [Pavani Malli]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
